# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective
CS 250: Sprint Review and Retrospective
//**How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?**//
Interpreting user needs involves engaging with the client or the users. This can be in the form of an email, survey, meeting, or a feedback option on the project. Implementing user needs requires idnetifying problems in the program, and meeting with the client to understand what their wants and needs for the program are. Knowing the client/users wants and needs will also be beneficial in prioritization of the backlog to continuously improve the program. Having engagment with the client is also important for defining the requirments for the scope of the project weather they are functional or nonfunctional. Creating user stories helps with this by simplifying requirments by translating user needs into easy to read tasks that require action. They describe end user features and focus what the client/user will recieve. User stories also facilitate incremental development by separating the task into small increments, while also improving commnication between the team working on the user stories.
**How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?**
When I approach developing a program, I approach them by conducting research, user stories, using use cases, and conducting meetings such as meetings with the stakeholders and daily stand ups with the team. I also plan sprints to help set clear goals, and incorperate feedback into development and testing. In future projects I hope to implement iterative development, continous testing and feedback, along with regular sprint reviews and retrospectives. This will ensure that the team and myself will continuously grow, and learn from previous projects. It will aslo aid in ensuring the team stays adaptable.
**What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?**
Being a good team member means that you can communicate and coolaberate with your teamate. These two are the most important to me because when a team that works together has terrible communication or does not work well together, ultimately the project suffers and can be delayed. I think good communication goes hand and hand with collaberation because if communication is good typically your collaberation will be so too. It is also important to have reliable team members that are flexable and maintain positive attitudes. This ensures if last minute changes happen, which normally do in life, that the team maintains a good outlook on things. 
